so do your time as a leader. You'll and you'll have a lot of different
experiences that you'll consider that you won't believe you will have.
Some of them will be truly extraordinary and b thankfully, Adam
others You just think I cannot believe that that just happened. Um,
one of the, uh, one has somewhat tragic. Not exactly funny is that we
had a sailor who decided Thio go hiking on a long weekend. Um, well,
and this is in Eastern San Diego County, where a lot of desert in
their rattlesnakes there have been here tonight about seven miles.
And then he reached down and was moving some six. Elway got bit by a
rattlesnake. His method of taking care of that problem to prevent the
venom from spreading was to shoot off with a gun. His thumb, which,
as you might know, is not going to stop the venom from spending spreading.
Fortunately, he was able to get that situation and get to
a hospital and saved his life. But that's just an example of the types
of things that you no doubt will experience. Another one was when
we had a sailor who was drunk. He was walking back to his barracks,
decided he could not make it the extra 50 feet to get inside and in
his room. So he went to sleep under our duty van. The next morning,
the duty driver started of the van and ran him over. He broke the guy's
back and the guy was medically discharged from the Navy. It's sad.
It was truly kind of a sad situation.